

               ,'``.._   ,'``.
              :,--._:)\,:,._,.:       All Glory to
              :`--,''   :`...';\      the HYPNO TOAD!
               `,'       `---'  `.
               /                 :
              /                   \
            ,'                     :\.___,-.
           `...,---'````-..._    |:       \
             (                 )   ;:    )   \  _,-.
              `.              (   //          `'    \
               :               `.//  )      )     , ;
             ,-|`.            _,'/       )    ) ,' ,'
            (  :`.`-..____..=:.-':     .     _,' ,'
             `,'\ ``--....-)='    `._,  \  ,') _ '``._
          _.-/ _ `.       (_)      /     )' ; / \ \`-.'
         `--(   `-:`.     `' ___..'  _,-'   |/   `.)
             `-. `.`.``-----``--,  .'
               |/`.\`'        ,','); SSt
                   `         (/  (/)))`'`'`'`'`'



My .vim folder
==============

currently using vundle to manage :

 - Command-T
 - IndexedSearch
 - VisIncr
 - ack.vim
 - camelcasemotion
 - delimitMate
 - neocomplcache
 - nerdcommenter
 - quickrun
 - rspec.vim
 - syntastic
 - testerical
 - vim-coffee-script
 - vim-colors-solarized
 - vim-css3-syntax
 - vim-cucumber
 - vim-endwise
 - vim-fugitive
 - vim-ghetto-todo
 - vim-haml
 - vim-javascript
 - vim-markdown
 - vim-rails
 - vim-repeat
 - vim-ruby
 - vim-smartword
 - vim-sparkup
 - vim-surround
 - vim-surround_custom_mapping
 - vim-themes
 - vimfiler
 - vimproc
 - vundle

(rebuild this list with `r!ls bundle`)

Install
-------

 - clone repository into .vim
 - run rake init to set up some basic things. This command should only
   ever be run once
 - open vim, and run :BundleInstall. This will use vundle to install the
   latest version of all plugins into ~/.vim/bundle/.
 - close vim, and run rake plugin:setup. This will do things like
   compile binaries required for some plugins.
 - Reopen vim. Should see solarized light and everything should be
   working
 - win

File Structure
-------------------

 - *after*(/plugin/keymaps.vim): All custom key maps are in here, so that they get priority over plugins
 - *autoload*: pathogen (plugin management system) is installed here
 - *backup*: location for all vim temp files
 - *bundle*: All plugins are installed here by vundle

vimrc
-----

vimrc is basically just a bootstrap file that will load each of the following files

 - *settings.vim*: editor config
 - *vundles.vim*: plugin management configuration by vundle
 - *plugin-config*: keymaps and settings
 - *autocmds.vim*: setting up things to do with hooks
 - *functions.vim*: a bunch of functions, mostly pillaged from other peoples vimrc files
 - *statusline.vim*: bunch of customizations for the modeline (lifted from scrooloose's vimrc)
 - *keymaps.vim*: link to bundle/plugin/keymaps.vim for convenience

Notes
-----

due to the way vundle works, you need to be in vim to invoke it, but
there are a lot of configuration settings that depend on specific
plugins to be installed. To avoid a ton of errors, most of the
configuration will not load until a file exists in
~/.vim/.plugins_installed. if the installation instructions are
followed, you shouldn't have to worry about this, but it can be useful
to know if something isn't working.
